camper (n)

1: a recreational vehicle equipped for camping out while traveling
2: someone living temporarily in a tent or lodge for recreation

1 For Boykin, one week of sleeping in a camper with her husband, their two kids, their cat, and their dog is more than worth it.
1 After the show, we got into a camper, drove all night to Montreal, and collapsed in a stinky dressing room.
1 We were evacuated but I was allowed to get my camper which is where I slept.
1 I didn't learn much about how Outbound will encourage you to explore, but doing it in a camper sounds interesting, at least.
1 Use it in your kitchen, camper, wet bar or anywhere else you need ice to keep your drinks cool.
1 A family that loved the outdoors, the Dougans planned to buy a camper.
1 It has 213mm ground clearance, so this camper is not built for anything other than light-duty off-roading,
1 They're out there in their camper, looking for new houses, with the sun on their faces
1 There are pitches for tents and camper vans, and if you fancy a spot of glamping, there are 5m glamping bell tents available for hire.
1 One day while scrolling through classified ads, I saw that exact camper for sale.
1 Taped to the back window of his camper top, a sign pleaded to " save our parks. "
1 Great purchase for replacing all of the hardware in my kitchen and bathroom for the camper I am remodeling.
1 Office reports that a man remains unidentified after a camper fire
1 Since buying his camper three years ago, Ali has taken it to cities across the UAE and also elsewhere in the Gulf.
1 The design is such that we nest our camper on the original body structure, without any cuts,
1 If traveling by car, camper, motor home, or boat, consider taking a 12-volt adapter for operating the CPAP from a cigarette lighter plug.
1 This girl was NOT meant to try and sleep when it is 86 flipping degrees in the camper!!
1 If you got slowed down by a camper or slow truck ahead, you ended up walking up the hill once you lost the turbo.
1 The home has been well cared and offers many other features including lots of tile, huge pantry, inside laundry, solar hot water, 2 car garage, sauna, and with no HOA, room to park a camper, boat or toys.
1 My husband and I purchased a Forest River Rockwood pop up camper - I admit we're on the low end of the buyer's market.
1 A fifth wheel is a larger variation of a truck camper so you would also need a truck to rent one of these.
1 A road trip in our camper van through Italy, Turkey and mainland Greece for lots of pleasure and a little business;
1 Just before they took off in the camper, there had been a shot of the inside of their house, completely emptied;
1 Depending on the state, it can be considered a recreational vehicle, a camper, a mobile home, a shed or an accessory building.
1 I bought a van with hi-top, turned it into a camper, tinted windows, all the bells and whistles for 7.5K.
1 We stored extra gear in the camper shell on the pickup during the trip to Banff.
1 That vintage camper caught a lot of attention at the fairgrounds.
1 The campground offers hookups for RVs and campers as well as tent spaces.
1 They spent the night in their rusty old camper parked behind a gas station.
1 Her dream was to retire early and tour the country in a luxury camper.
1 A solar panel setup on the camper let them live off-grid for days.
1 The camper fridge was full of snacks, sodas, and a suspicious amount of cheese.
1 Even in the winter, they kept the camper warm using propane heaters.
1 That camper has a custom paint job with forest murals.
1 He renovated a 1978 camper and turned it into a mobile bar.
1 The floodwaters stopped just short of the camper, luckily.
1 They towed the camper up into the mountains for the long weekend.
1 I saw a camper abandoned on the side of the interstate.
1 The camper bathroom was tiny but functional.
1 She posted DIY upgrades she made to her camper on Instagram.
1 Their camper broke down just outside of Reno.
1 You could live in that camper full time if you really wanted.
1 We watched movies on a tiny TV mounted inside the camper.
1 The camper hitch needed greasing before the trip.
1 Her camper is always stocked with wine and board games.
1 That camper didn’t pass inspection, so they sold it.
1 Every summer, they rent a new camper and explore a different national park.
1 He slept in a camper for two months while renovating the house.
1 They keep their camper in storage during the off-season.
1 The camper was swaying badly in the windstorm last night.
1 It smelled like mothballs and propane inside the camper.
1 There's a bat stuck in the camper again.
1 He built a deck that attaches to the side of the camper.
1 Their new camper even has a composting toilet.
1 The camper roof leaked during the rain last night.
1 I locked myself out of the camper again.
1 She found a rare vintage camper at an estate sale.
1 They couldn’t get the camper up the narrow road to the cabin.
1 We had to unhook the camper at the border checkpoint.
1 That camper cost more than my first house.
1 They installed blackout curtains in the camper windows.
1 The camper caught fire after the propane line burst.
1 There’s a surprising amount of room in that tiny camper.
1 He wrapped the camper in camouflage vinyl for hunting season.
1 I sold my apartment and moved into a camper full time.
1 That camper only sleeps two comfortably.
1 You can rent a camper near the festival grounds.
1 It was too cold to stay in the camper, even with the heater.
1 Her camper was stolen and found two weeks later in the woods.
1 They painted the camper pink and named it "Wanderella."
1 The camper comes with a full outdoor kitchen set.
1 A stray dog followed them back to their camper.
1 There was a raccoon stuck in the camper’s skylight.
1 They decorated the camper for Halloween.
1 The camper frame rusted through over the winter.
1 I tripped over the step getting into the camper.
1 She forgot to disconnect the camper battery.
1 The camper shook violently in the storm.
1 The camper’s water pump failed mid-trip.
1 They installed solar panels on top of the camper.
1 Our camper smells like wet towels and burnt toast.
1 A small sink and a microwave fit inside the camper.
1 It’s amazing what they fit inside that camper.
1 He covered the camper with a blue tarp for the rain.
1 A squirrel chewed through wires in the camper.
1 I left my charger in the camper.
1 The camper was stuck in the mud for hours.
1 We added an awning to the camper for extra shade.
1 I watched the sunrise from the camper’s back window.
1 The camper came with a fold-out grill.
1 They refitted the camper to run on biodiesel.
1 I spilled coffee all over the camper cushions.
1 The camper’s steps are missing a screw.
1 That camper looks like something out of the 70s.
1 The camper had moss growing on the roof.
1 They used the camper as a mobile command post.
1 The camper survived the hailstorm, barely.
1 I always hit my head on the camper ceiling.
1 The camper needed new tires before the road trip.
1 The camper’s door kept swinging open in the wind.
1 We watched lightning strike from inside the camper.
1 That camper has more buttons than a spaceship.
2 The camper woke up covered in mosquito bites after forgetting to zip the tent.
2 Each camper is responsible for cleaning up their campsite before departure.
2 I used to be a summer camper at Camp Redwood every year as a kid.
2 She met her best friend while they were both campers in the same cabin.
2 The camper slipped on wet leaves while fetching firewood.
2 That camper stayed behind to help clean up the beach.
2 Campers lined up for s'mores as the fire crackled under the stars.
2 A young camper wandered off the trail and got lost for an hour.
2 The experienced camper carried a compass and a laminated map at all times.
2 We heard laughter from the group of campers near the lake.
2 The new camper had never lit a campfire before and needed help.
2 Each camper received a T-shirt and water bottle at registration.
2 It was the first time the camper had ever seen a deer up close.
2 Every camper took turns doing dishes after dinner.
2 He wasn’t the most social camper, but he loved the hiking part.
2 Some campers slept in hammocks tied between trees.
2 That camper brought his guitar and sang by the campfire every night.
2 One camper forgot his sleeping bag and had to use extra blankets.
2 The camper journaled every night before bed to remember the trip.
2 Her camper ID badge had her name spelled wrong.
2 Each camper made their own lanyard keychain in arts and crafts.
2 The counselor praised the camper for helping a younger kid with their backpack.
2 The camper had been stung by a wasp but didn’t cry.
2 They chose the camper of the week based on kindness and effort.
2 The youngest camper needed help tying his hiking boots.
2 A group of campers played tag in the field while waiting for dinner.
2 The camper’s backpack was twice as big as he was.
2 I remember being a camper and thinking the woods were endless.
2 The older campers teased the new ones, but only in good fun.
2 That camper could build a fire with just flint and dry leaves.
2 Some campers preferred to stay in the lodge rather than tents.
2 The returning camper helped the newcomers find the mess hall.
2 The camper climbed a tree even though it was against the rules.
2 She was a camper last year and now she's training to be a junior counselor.
2 The camper packed trail mix, jerky, and water for the long hike.
2 Campers gathered around for ghost stories after dark.
2 A few campers cried on the last day because they didn’t want to leave.
2 That camper always wore a bandana and carried a walking stick.
2 The adventurous camper signed up for every outdoor activity.
2 The camper was bitten by ants during a marshmallow roast.
2 When the rain started, campers rushed back to their tents.
2 He was a quiet camper, but made friends by the end of the week.
2 The campers watched as a raccoon snuck into the food tent.
2 She’s been a camper at Camp Willowbrook since she was six.
2 We heard a camper singing off-key near the latrines.
2 A camper found a turtle and named it Mr. Shell.
2 The tired camper fell asleep before dinner.
2 Most campers brought flashlights but some forgot batteries.
2 That camper got a leech stuck on her ankle after swimming.
2 The campers were split into color teams for the big game.
2 Campers made friendship bracelets during free time.
2 The camper forgot to put on bug spray and paid the price.
2 Our camper group got to go kayaking on day three.
2 I saw a camper trying to roast a hotdog using a plastic fork.
2 The counselor scolded the camper for carving into a tree.
2 All campers must attend the safety briefing before canoeing.
2 She was a brave camper and didn’t flinch during the thunderstorm.
2 That camper had a collection of patches from every year.
2 Some campers brought snacks even though it wasn’t allowed.
2 The camper got homesick but stayed the whole week.
2 He was a new camper and didn't know where the cabins were.
2 That camper ran the fastest in the camp-wide relay race.
2 One camper sang so loudly it echoed through the valley.
2 The camper shared his trail mix with the others during the hike.
2 A few campers wore mismatched socks every day.
2 The veteran camper showed us how to hang bear bags.
2 My little brother was a camper there three summers in a row.
2 The camper drew a map of the campsite in his notebook.
2 That camper had the worst sunburn I’ve ever seen.
2 Two campers snuck out after lights out and got caught.
2 The oldest camper led the way on the forest hike.
2 I met my first crush while we were both campers.
2 That camper had a pocketknife and whittled a spoon.
2 Each camper wrote a postcard to their parents.
2 The camper slipped in the mud while carrying firewood.
2 I always got paired with the loudest camper.
2 The campfire sparked and scared one of the campers.
2 That camper took 47 pictures of frogs during nature walk.
2 I was never the best camper, but I loved archery.
2 Campers took turns ringing the dinner bell.
2 The lost camper was found a mile from the trailhead.
2 One camper thought a squirrel was attacking the tent.
2 A camper spilled their hot cocoa and cried.
2 That camper wore rain boots even when it was dry.
2 The older camper gave up his dessert for the new kid.
2 That camper never stopped talking about dinosaurs.
2 A group of campers played cards in the mess hall.
2 The youngest camper dropped their toothbrush in the dirt.
2 We had a camper once who brought his pet lizard.
2 The counselor told a scary story that made one camper scream.
2 The camper carved their initials into a walking stick.
2 That camper showed everyone how to pitch a tent properly.
2 A camper tripped over the log near the fire pit.
2 Campers got to tie-dye shirts on Friday.
2 One camper got pranked with toothpaste in their shoes.
2 Every camper got a bead for completing a challenge.
2 That camper refused to swim in the lake all week.
2 Some campers traded trail snacks like currency.
2 The artsy camper painted rocks to hide around the camp.
2 That camper could imitate bird calls perfectly.
2 A camper once found an arrowhead near the creek.
2 Campers sang camp songs loudly on the bus home.
2 That camper made up their own spooky legend about the woods.
2 I was a clumsy camper who always got hurt.
2 One camper talked in their sleep all night long.
2 The camper stayed up late watching the stars.
2 That camper brought a giant inflatable flamingo.

